SSR docs (#57)
Tipser/docs: source/includes/_tipser-react-elements.md

}
```
If you'd like to change other elements' color as well, please use specific classes to override the styles.

## Server side rendering

If you want to render Tipser-Elements' components on the server side, you can do it in three steps:
1. At the beginning you have to know ids of products and collections that you want to render on specific url.
2. Before rendering you have to prepare the state which contains the data necessary to render specific components. 

> It is easy to build this state - our lib includes tool to do it!

Author: fixed

3. The state you have to apply to `TipserElementsProvider` as `initialState` prop
4. You have to transfer the state on the frontend side and apply as `initialState` to `TipserElementsProvider` on the frontend side.

### Building the state

We assume that you know ids of products, collections and you know if you want to render Shop component on the specific url.

> Let's say that we following four variables are defined: `POS_ID`, `PRODUCT_IDS`, `COLLECTION_IDS` and `IS_SHOP_ON_PAGE`.  

Reviewer: `that we are following` cc @AgaK-O

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Let's say that following four variables are defined: `POS_ID`, `PRODUCT_IDS`, `COLLECTION_IDS` and `IS_SHOP_ON_PAGE`.  
```
if think `we` is not necessary here.

Please note that `PRODUCT_IDS`, `COLLECTION_IDS` and `IS_SHOP_ON_PAGE` should depend on URL - different pages can have different products/collections.

> To build the state you should use our `StateBuilder` class. You can do it in following way:

Reviewer: `in the following way`

Author: fixed

```typescript
import { StateBuilder } from '@tipser/tipser-elements';

const stateBuilder = new StateBuilder(POS_ID);
```
Now you can use it in your request handler: 

```typescript
stateBuilder.buildState(PRODUCT_IDS, COLLECTION_IDS, IS_SHOP_ON_PAGE): Promise<TipserState>
```

Full example:
```typescript
stateBuilder.buildState(PRODUCT_IDS, COLLECTION_IDS, IS_SHOP_ON_PAGE).then(initialState => {
    renderToString(
        <TipserElementsProvider posId={POS_ID} initialState={initialState}>
            <YourAppHere />
        </TipserElementsProvider>
    );

> });

Reviewer 2: I've applied prettier to your snippet.
```suggestion
stateBuilder
  .buildState(PRODUCT_IDS, COLLECTION_IDS, IS_SHOP_ON_PAGE)
  .then(initialState => {
    renderToString(
      <TipserElementsProvider posId={POS_ID} initialState={initialState}>
        <YourAppHere />
      </TipserElementsProvider>
    );
  });
```

```

> The state you should transfer to the frontend app. You can use the pattern that is known from Redux based apps.

Reviewer 2: Yoda approves.
![ru-1-r-640,0-n-2305022NCLU](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3996881/77225105-86c63c80-6b6c-11ea-9cfb-9cf26ff26d4b.jpg)

```suggestion
You should transfer the state to the frontend app. You can use the pattern that is known from Redux based apps.
```
or
```suggestion
The state should be transferred to the frontend app. You can use the pattern that is known from Redux based apps.
```

}
```
If you'd like to change other elements' color as well, please use specific classes to override the styles.

## Server side rendering

If you want to render Tipser-Elements' components on the server side, you can do it in three steps:
1. At the beginning you have to know ids of products and collections that you want to render on specific url.
2. Before rendering you have to prepare the state which contains the data necessary to render specific components. 
It is easy to build this state - our lib includes the tool to do it!

> 3. The state you have to apply to `TipserElementsProvider` as `initialState` prop

Reviewer 3: The difference between point 3 and 4 is not clear. Should we try to be more specific? I guess point 3 is about doing it on a server and point 4 on the frontend?

Reviewer 2: Clear for me, to be honest. Could you provide specific change suggestion @piotr-sobczyk ?. 

in point 4. i think @mateuszsikora did not put details how to transfer state on the frontend side, because that is very specific to their own custom implementation.

Reviewer 3: Okay, if it's clear for you guys then forget about my comment.

We assume that you know ids of products, collections and you know if you want to render Shop component on the specific url.
Let's say that following four variables are defined: `POS_ID`, `PRODUCT_IDS`, `COLLECTION_IDS` and `IS_SHOP_ON_PAGE`.  
Please note that `PRODUCT_IDS`, `COLLECTION_IDS` and `IS_SHOP_ON_PAGE` should depend on URL - different pages can have different products/collections.
To build the state you should use our `StateBuilder` class. You can do it in the following way:
```typescript
import { StateBuilder } from '@tipser/tipser-elements';

const stateBuilder = new StateBuilder(POS_ID);
```
Now you can use it in your request handler: 

```typescript
stateBuilder.buildState(PRODUCT_IDS, COLLECTION_IDS, IS_SHOP_ON_PAGE): Promise<TipserState>
```

Full example:
```typescript
stateBuilder
  .buildState(PRODUCT_IDS, COLLECTION_IDS, IS_SHOP_ON_PAGE)
  .then(initialState => {
    renderToString(
      <TipserElementsProvider posId={POS_ID} initialState={initialState}>
        <YourAppHere />
      </TipserElementsProvider>
    );
  });
```

The state should be transferred to the frontend app. You can use the pattern that is known from Redux based apps.

> Everything what you need is to add following script to your html response:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
All you need to do is including the following line in your html response:
```

Reviewer 2: actually correct grammatically would be :
`All you need to do is include the following line in your html response:`
Gerund vs infinitive are tough bit**

```html
<script>window.TIPSER_STATE = ${JSON.stringify(initialState)}</script>
```

then on the frontend side you are able to reuse it:

```typescript
hydrate(
    <TipserElementsProvider posId={POS_ID} initialState={window.TIPSER_STATE}>
        <YourAppHere />
    </TipserElementsProvider>,
    document.getElementById('root')
);
```

> That's all! The complete example you can find [here](https://github.com/Tipser/tipser-elements-ssr-bootstrap).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
That's all! The complete example is available [here](https://github.com/Tipser/tipser-elements-ssr-bootstrap).
```
